Wren is the enslaved "bastard" (not actually) child of (come up with name for King) of (come up with name of realm). When Wren was a baby, they were taken by their father to a group of soothsayers known as (come up with name for soothsayers) to determine their magical potential. They quickly found that Wren was destined to never die by the will of another being, allowing them to relive the events leading up to that moment and change the outcome until they "survive" that event. The King in his arrogance wanted to utilise that power for his own selfish gain, and demanded that the Soothsayers tied his life to his child's using a curse, so as long as the child was alive, he too would live, threatening the Soothsayers with their deaths if they didn't comply. So they carrried this out, and the King got to work to ensure he could utilise his child's power for himself, placing them in dangerous situations to ensure his longevity, proclaiming to the realm it was a power he kept hidden to ensure his rule.
Fast forward to present day, Wren has grown up mainly in the coliseum, known as one of its most powerful fighters, and by far it's longest lasting, only placed in fights they shouldn't be able to win when the King needs more time to scheme for political reasons or wars or etc. Only the king and their jailors know the truth of their power, and only the King knowns of their true birthright. However, unknown to the majority of the realm, the King has become afflicted by an illness, one that is definitively going to take his life, bypassing Wren's powers (we would know it as lung cancer, but they don't have the words for this illness). In an desperate attempt to "prolong" his life, the King organises a massive event at the Coliseum for the whole realm to attend, an unwinnable gauntlet matched again the realm's unbeatable fighter, Wren.
Over the course of the game, the player is expected to get better at playing until they defeat the gauntlet, destroy the coliseum or a various collection of other different win conditions. Each one will imply that the curse with the king has been broken, due to the king dying later that day, either by Wren's hands or his illness. Wren may either stay locked up, escape, or become the new monarch.